[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to keep Overlord company
with a fresh new group of Nazi super
soldiers in the 1974 film shockwaves
let's get to it we open with some fairly
direct expositional narration it
basically lays out plot points
surprisingly similar to what we
discovered an overlord super soldier
program mix of science and magic source
of power originating from below the
earth etc we then transition to ROS
taking a little boat about in ending up
adrift in the stinging she's helped by a
small seafaring vessel but nearly pulls
them overboard due to a misunderstanding
what she then takes over the narration
duties confirming that she had blocked
out the memory of how she got to this
point until now and this is that story
she was on a diving boat touring the
islands but the boat had an annoying
habit of breaking down until it leaves
without her oh good she teleported back
on board at the helm the captain and his
skipper Keith are having a conversation
about navigation when they find
themselves under the strange light of
the blood Sun localized to their area of
the ocean in complete defiance of how
Suns work at any rate this creates
unrest in the murky depths that night
the passengers are somewhat angsty about
the engine troubles and substandard
navigation they talk about what they've
witnessed which isn't exactly clear to
us either Keith is trying to keep his
bearings in the still darkness of the
night when there's another disturbance
this one taking the form of a large
freighter bearing down on them
the collision wreaks havoc on deck and
gets everyone both arguing about whether
or not anything happened which it
clearly did and what it was the next
morning they sight both land and the
ghost ship no longer mobile the captain
is missing and they've run aground so
they have little choice but to row to
shore Chuck climbs a tree for some
delicious coconuts and sees a building
in the distance meanwhile norman in
beverly go in a sea siding tour in their
glass-bottom dinghy Khujo the group
treks to the building hoping to find
help they wander among the palm fronds
while we get a close-up of another
watery disturbance this one in the form
of boots oh and they're attached to a
fine Aryan fellow
the group meets the sole inhabitant of
the hotel of solitary eccentric who
talks in riddles where are you
sweet they feel each other out a bit and
he gets cagey about the talk of a ghost
ship and runs off to bear witness
himself that evening they enjoy an adult
slumber party complete with smoking
drinking nothing else
the next morning finds Dobbs dried out
and upset that others may have
expectations of him the surly seaman
storms off and Huff to gather some
supplies through the mud bog why exactly
he's surprised by a shadowy figure he
gets ambushed by these spiny urgence
keith demonstrates how badly he needs
the structure of a daily schedule as he
wanders aimlessly toward no helpful goal
he spies the commander and catches up
with him fix your boat man the commander
recommends they leave soon before the
message can be relayed Rose goes for a
relaxing swim in the swamp she practices
her strokes in the urchin infested
waters eventually doing a dead man's
float right into a dead man this turns
out to be Dobbs loaded corpse adorned
with a piece of Nazi memorabilia a new
and intriguing mystery that lasts about
five seconds not sure what it is but the
hotel feels somewhat less welcoming upon
their return the commander fills in the
gaps
he led a band of water-based super
soldiers he was ordered to remove them
due to their erratic and dangerous
behavior when the war ended he sank the
ship and exiled himself spending the
rest of his life digging holes for
pooping into eating coconuts now forced
to leave the group heads to the water
and snacks a boat while the commander
attempts to command his troops
unfortunately they've grown feral in the
intervening years and ignore him to
practice their coordinated mine routine
they work on getting out of there while
Norman continues to be a belligerent
[ __ ] the commander is pulled under while
the survivors pedal downstream but these
crafty suckers cruise underwater like
crocodiles when they hit a sandbar
they're forced to hop out Beverly is an
imperiled and they have to address her
safety now alone on the boat Rose gets
Tommy Boyd and the boat sails off now
unencumbered by idiots they split up and
run through the woods
Norman ignores the ageless advice about
walking down to the water's edge and
since they've done it before they freely
do it again
when Rose's attacked she finds fashion
to be their only weakness as they can't
bear being seen without their welding
goggles causing this one to lay down and
pout incessantly no they all managed to
make it inside and plan to camp out in
the walk-in the soldiers get inside the
hotel and get mad damn it the stress
eventually gets to everyone as Chuck
also gets ding ding Diddley mad as well
Chuck ends up absolutely losing his [ __ ]
in a claustrophobic panic they agreed to
let him out but he selfishly tries to
take the flashlight
Keith closes the door on his
arm injuring him and he shoots off the
flare gun forcing them out and blinding
Beverly Chuck runs off and ends up in a
pool surrounded by soldiers he makes a
pretty decent go of it but ends up
drowning slowly as a familiar pattern
emerges meanwhile Keith and Rose have
ditched Beverly and snuggled up in a
cozy boiler the next morning Beverly
heroes annoys outside she calls out and
then proceeds to open the door despite
the lack of a hollaback Keith and Rose
go to find Beverly who's now missing at
least we know they didn't drown oh come
on so I guess just go stand on top of a
hill where they can't drown you they
instead make a final attempt to escape
via water when it's made abundantly
clear that Keith is not gonna make it
Rose paddles on but only after coming
face-to-face with what she's done and
the rest we know so we find her at the
hospital skin utterly destroyed by the
lack of sunscreen journaling in bed
apparently having stroked out at some
point and that was shock waves a movie
that I realized at the end has a
surprising lack of screaming in it
despite the unspeakable Nazi Horrors
anyway if you are subscribed I'd love
for you to be a part of the channel I
hope you enjoyed the video and thanks
for watching